chore: executable curl of SQL http (#322)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/query-data.md

> To select all the data from the `system_metrics` table, use the `SELECT` statement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select all the data from the `monitor` table, use the `SELECT` statement:
```

And the sentence above need to be modified too

Author: sharp eyes 👍
